![](media/image2.emf){width="1.6193875765529309in"
height="0.7132020997375328in"}

The Annual Report Format in Word

For Year 2022-23

https://usedtotech.com

admin@usedtotech.com

Prepared by:

Author 01 Name

Author 02 Name

Author 03 Name

A free & fully editable template by:

[https://usedtotech.com\
]{.underline}

# Contents {#contents .TOC-Heading}

[Introduction [3](#_Toc110674357)](#_Toc110674357)

[Section 1: Help us by accrediting! [4](#_Toc110674358)](#_Toc110674358)

[Part 1: Your heading goes here
[4](#part-1-your-heading-goes-here)](#part-1-your-heading-goes-here)

[1. Design & layout [5](#design-layout)](#design-layout)

[2. Easy to modify with clean looking design
[5](#easy-to-modify-with-clean-looking-design)](#easy-to-modify-with-clean-looking-design)

[Part 2: Add as many headings as you need
[6](#part-2-add-as-many-headings-as-you-need)](#part-2-add-as-many-headings-as-you-need)

[1. Adding new text [6](#adding-new-text)](#adding-new-text)

[2. Our "Important Notes"
[6](#our-important-notes)](#our-important-notes)

[Section 2: Your Title Goes Here [7](#_Toc110674365)](#_Toc110674365)

[Part 1: Your heading goes here
[7](#part-1-your-heading-goes-here-1)](#part-1-your-heading-goes-here-1)

[1. Design & layout [8](#design-layout-1)](#design-layout-1)

[2. Easy to modify with clean looking design
[8](#easy-to-modify-with-clean-looking-design-1)](#easy-to-modify-with-clean-looking-design-1)

[Part 2: Add as many headings as you need
[9](#part-2-add-as-many-headings-as-you-need-1)](#part-2-add-as-many-headings-as-you-need-1)

[1. Adding new text [9](#adding-new-text-1)](#adding-new-text-1)

[2. Our "Important Notes"
[9](#our-important-notes-1)](#our-important-notes-1)

[Section 3: Last Sample Section [10](#_Toc110674372)](#_Toc110674372)

[Part 1: Your heading goes here
[10](#part-1-your-heading-goes-here-2)](#part-1-your-heading-goes-here-2)

[1. Design & layout [11](#design-layout-2)](#design-layout-2)

[2. Easy to modify with clean looking design
[11](#easy-to-modify-with-clean-looking-design-2)](#easy-to-modify-with-clean-looking-design-2)

[Part 2: Add as many headings as you need
[12](#_Toc110674376)](#_Toc110674376)

[1. Adding new text [12](#adding-new-text-2)](#adding-new-text-2)

[2. Our "Important Notes"
[12](#our-important-notes-2)](#our-important-notes-2)

[Conclusion [13](#conclusion)](#conclusion)

# Introduction

On the Insert tab, the galleries include items that are designed to
coordinate with the overall look of your document. You can use these
galleries to insert tables, headers, footers, lists, cover pages, and
other document building blocks. When you create pictures, charts, or
diagrams, they also coordinate with your current document look.

You can easily change the formatting of selected text in the document
text by choosing a look for the selected text from the Quick Styles
gallery on the Home tab. You can also format text directly by using the
other controls on the Home tab. You can use these galleries to insert
tables, headers, footers, lists, cover pages, and other document
building blocks. When you create pictures, charts, or diagrams, they
also coordinate with your current document look.

**This template consists of the following three sample sections:**

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Section 1         Add your text here...
  ----------------- -----------------------------------------------------
  Section 2         Add your text here...

  Section 3         Add your text here...
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

# Section 1: Help us by accrediting!

If you find this report template helpful in preparing a report then
please spread a word and appreciate us by **sharing** these awesome and
free templates with others as much as you can so that many people will
also take benefits of our great free resources.

Please remember that this template is for your **PERSONAL USE ONLY**.
For any questions, please write to us at the following addresses:

admin@usedtotech.com, https://usedtotech.com

## Part 1: Your heading goes here

The heading above this paragraph is **"Level 2"** heading. Everything is
formatted using predefined styles so instead of making any manual change
in the formatting, you should modify the associated styles to let your
changes effectively apply at every instance of that formatting.

Feel free to personally use this report template in any of your
corporate or non-corporate work. This is more than a blank report
template in Microsoft Word; this is a completely formatted layout for
printing & publishing.

### 1. Design & layout

The heading above this paragraph is **"Level 3"** heading. The layout,
design, formatting, automatic table of contents -- just everything has
already been included in the template and this is for your **[Personal
Use Only]{.underline}**.

### 2. Easy to modify with clean looking design

Even if you are not very good with Microsoft Word, still by using this
template, you can make your report look professional. Either write your
report from scratch or copy your existing content into the template,
you'll definitely love it. Make sure you check the **"Navigation Pane"**
to know about the different levels of headings and also check the
**"Styles"** group for available styles.

Following is multi-list sample text:

**Both the Themes gallery** and the Quick Styles gallery provide reset
commands so that you can always restore the look of your document to the
original contained in your current template.

**You can also format text directly** by using the other controls on the
Home tab. Most controls offer a choice of using the look from the
current theme or using a format that you specify directly.

**To change the looks available in the Quick Style gallery**, use the
Change Current Quick Style Set command. Both the Themes gallery and the
Quick Styles gallery provide reset commands so that you can always
restore the look of your document to the original contained in your
current template.

On the Insert tab, the galleries include items

that are designed to coordinate with the overall look of your document

you can use these galleries to insert tables, headers, footers, lists,
cover pages

and other document building blocks

## Part 2: Add as many headings as you need

The heading above this paragraph is **"Level 2"** heading. Everything is
formatted using predefined styles so instead of making any manual change
in the formatting, you should modify the associated styles to let your
changes effectively apply at every instance of that formatting.

Feel free to personally use this report template in any of your
corporate or non-corporate work. This is more than a blank report
template in Microsoft Word; this is a completely formatted layout for
printing & publishing.

### 1. Adding new text

For adding new content in this template, simply copy these dummy texts
entirely and paste them at the insertion point from where you need to
start a new chapter. Otherwise, you can write your content from scratch
using the **predefined styles** in the template.

### 2. Our "Important Notes"

Please first also read our **["Important Notes"]{.underline}** document
attached in the download package. Our free templates normally consist of
dummy text throughout the document so before you submit your work for
final publishing, **make sure there remains no placeholder text in the
document**. You're allowed to download, modify and use our free
resources for your personal use only.

Following is multi-list sample text:

**Both the Themes gallery** and the Quick Styles gallery provide reset
commands so that you can always restore the look of your document to the
original contained in your current template.

**You can also format text directly** by using the other controls on the
Home tab. Most controls offer a choice of using the look from the
current theme or using a format that you specify directly.

# Section 2: Your Title Goes Here

If you find this report template helpful in preparing a report then
please spread a word and appreciate us by **sharing** these awesome and
free templates with others as much as you can so that many people will
also take benefits of our great free resources.

Please remember that this template is for your **PERSONAL USE ONLY**.
For any questions, please write to us at the following addresses:

admin@usedtotech.com, https://usedtotech.com

## Part 1: Your heading goes here

The heading above this paragraph is **"Level 2"** heading. Everything is
formatted using predefined styles so instead of making any manual change
in the formatting, you should modify the associated styles to let your
changes effectively apply at every instance of that formatting.

Feel free to personally use this report template in any of your
corporate or non-corporate work. This is more than a blank report
template in Microsoft Word; this is a completely formatted layout for
printing & publishing.

### 1. Design & layout

The heading above this paragraph is **"Level 3"** heading. The layout,
design, formatting, automatic table of contents -- just everything has
already been included in the template and this is for your **[Personal
Use Only]{.underline}**.

### 2. Easy to modify with clean looking design

Even if you are not very good with Microsoft Word, still by using this
template, you can make your report look professional. Either write your
report from scratch or copy your existing content into the template,
you'll definitely love it. Make sure you check the **"Navigation Pane"**
to know about the different levels of headings and also check the
**"Styles"** group for available styles.

Following is multi-list sample text:

**Both the Themes gallery** and the Quick Styles gallery provide reset
commands so that you can always restore the look of your document to the
original contained in your current template.

**You can also format text directly** by using the other controls on the
Home tab. Most controls offer a choice of using the look from the
current theme or using a format that you specify directly.

**To change the looks available in the Quick Style gallery**, use the
Change Current Quick Style Set command. Both the Themes gallery and the
Quick Styles gallery provide reset commands so that you can always
restore the look of your document to the original contained in your
current template.

On the Insert tab, the galleries include items

that are designed to coordinate with the overall look of your document

you can use these galleries to insert tables, headers, footers, lists,
cover pages

and other document building blocks

## Part 2: Add as many headings as you need

The heading above this paragraph is **"Level 2"** heading. Everything is
formatted using predefined styles so instead of making any manual change
in the formatting, you should modify the associated styles to let your
changes effectively apply at every instance of that formatting.

Feel free to personally use this report template in any of your
corporate or non-corporate work. This is more than a blank report
template in Microsoft Word; this is a completely formatted layout for
printing & publishing.

### 1. Adding new text

For adding new content in this template, simply copy these dummy texts
entirely and paste them at the insertion point from where you need to
start a new chapter. Otherwise, you can write your content from scratch
using the **predefined styles** in the template.

### 2. Our "Important Notes"

Please first also read our **["Important Notes"]{.underline}** document
attached in the download package. Our free templates normally consist of
dummy text throughout the document so before you submit your work for
final publishing, **make sure there remains no placeholder text in the
document**. You're allowed to download, modify and use our free
resources for your personal use only.

Following is multi-list sample text:

**Both the Themes gallery** and the Quick Styles gallery provide reset
commands so that you can always restore the look of your document to the
original contained in your current template.

**You can also format text directly** by using the other controls on the
Home tab. Most controls offer a choice of using the look from the
current theme or using a format that you specify directly.

# Section 3: Last Sample Section

If you find this report template helpful in preparing a report then
please spread a word and appreciate us by **sharing** these awesome and
free templates with others as much as you can so that many people will
also take benefits of our great free resources.

Please remember that this template is for your **PERSONAL USE ONLY**.
For any questions, please write to us at the following addresses:

admin@usedtotech.com, https://usedtotech.com

## Part 1: Your heading goes here

The heading above this paragraph is **"Level 2"** heading. Everything is
formatted using predefined styles so instead of making any manual change
in the formatting, you should modify the associated styles to let your
changes effectively apply at every instance of that formatting.

Feel free to personally use this report template in any of your
corporate or non-corporate work. This is more than a blank report
template in Microsoft Word; this is a completely formatted layout for
printing & publishing.

### 1. Design & layout

The heading above this paragraph is **"Level 3"** heading. The layout,
design, formatting, automatic table of contents -- just everything has
already been included in the template and this is for your **[Personal
Use Only]{.underline}**.

### 2. Easy to modify with clean looking design

Even if you are not very good with Microsoft Word, still by using this
template, you can make your report look professional. Either write your
report from scratch or copy your existing content into the template,
you'll definitely love it. Make sure you check the **"Navigation Pane"**
to know about the different levels of headings and also check the
**"Styles"** group for available styles.

Following is multi-list sample text:

**Both the Themes gallery** and the Quick Styles gallery provide reset
commands so that you can always restore the look of your document to the
original contained in your current template.

**You can also format text directly** by using the other controls on the
Home tab. Most controls offer a choice of using the look from the
current theme or using a format that you specify directly.

**To change the looks available in the Quick Style gallery**, use the
Change Current Quick Style Set command. Both the Themes gallery and the
Quick Styles gallery provide reset commands so that you can always
restore the look of your document to the original contained in your
current template.

On the Insert tab, the galleries include items

that are designed to coordinate with the overall look of your document

you can use these galleries to insert tables, headers, footers, lists,
cover pages

and other document building blocks

[]{#_Toc110674376 .anchor}

## Part 2: Add as many headings as you need

The heading above this paragraph is **"Level 2"** heading. Everything is
formatted using predefined styles so instead of making any manual change
in the formatting, you should modify the associated styles to let your
changes effectively apply at every instance of that formatting.

Feel free to personally use this report template in any of your
corporate or non-corporate work. This is more than a blank report
template in Microsoft Word; this is a completely formatted layout for
printing & publishing.

### 1. Adding new text

For adding new content in this template, simply copy these dummy texts
entirely and paste them at the insertion point from where you need to
start a new chapter. Otherwise, you can write your content from scratch
using the **predefined styles** in the template.

### 2. Our "Important Notes"

Please first also read our **["Important Notes"]{.underline}** document
attached in the download package. Our free templates normally consist of
dummy text throughout the document so before you submit your work for
final publishing, **make sure there remains no placeholder text in the
document**. You're allowed to download, modify and use our free
resources for your personal use only.

Following is multi-list sample text:

**Both the Themes gallery** and the Quick Styles gallery provide reset
commands so that you can always restore the look of your document to the
original contained in your current template.

**You can also format text directly** by using the other controls on the
Home tab. Most controls offer a choice of using the look from the
current theme or using a format that you specify directly.

# Conclusion

Both the Themes gallery and the Quick Styles gallery provide reset
commands so that you can always restore the look of your document to the
original contained in your current template.

On the Insert tab, the galleries include items that are designed to
coordinate with the overall look of your document. You can use these
galleries to insert tables, headers, footers, lists, cover pages, and
other document building blocks. When you create pictures, charts, or
diagrams, they also coordinate with your current document look.
